TL improvement & official TL import (#539)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/omot_010.txt

//r自分の家庭が壊れてしまったのは、守る努力が足りなかったせい…そう、以前の世界で言っていたような気がする。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "自分の家庭が壊れてしまったのは、守る努力が足りなかったせい…そう、以前の世界で言っていたような気がする。",

> 			NULL, "Her home was broken because she didn't put in enough effort to protect it... I kind of remember she said that in a previous world.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Her home was broken because she didn't put in enough effort to protect it... I kind of remember her saying that in a previous world.", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#956f6e>圭一</color>", NULL, "<color=#956f6e>Keiichi</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 1, "ps3/s14/01/210100782", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「だけど、時々それが行き過ぎて、その理想像から外れると全てダメ、他の人には受け容れてもらえない」",
			NULL, "\"But sometimes she goes too far, taking it as gospel that any deviation from that ideal is forbidden because she believes it makes her unfriendly to others.\"", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//圭一rvS14/01/210100783.「…なんて、実際は勝手な思い込みなんだけど。kvS14/01/210100784.そこまで、自分をアイドルみたいに作らなくてもいいのにな」
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#956f6e>圭一</color>", NULL, "<color=#956f6e>Keiichi</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 1, "ps3/s14/01/210100783", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「…なんて、実際は勝手な思い込みなんだけど。",

> 			NULL, "\"...It's actually her arbitrary assumption.", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"...It's actually her own arbitrary assumption.", Line_WaitForInput);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#956f6e>圭一</color>", NULL, "<color=#956f6e>Keiichi</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 1, "ps3/s14/01/210100792", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「後で聞いたらそいつ、そういう時の前日に決まって、親とケンカしたりトラブルがあったりした、って聞いたな」",

> 			NULL, "\"Afterwards, I heard he always acted like that the day after he had a fight or some sort of trouble with his parents.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"I later heard, he always acted like that the day after he had a fight or some sort of trouble with his parents.\"", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#956f6e>圭一</color>", NULL, "<color=#956f6e>Keiichi</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 1, "ps3/s14/01/210100805", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「取り返しがつかなくなる可能性だって、あるんじゃないか？」",

> 			NULL, "\" And it'll reach a point where there's no going back, right?\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"And it'll reach a point where there's no going back, right?\"", Line_Normal);
```

//r圭一の不愉快すぎるほどのおせっかいがあったからこそ、話を打ち明けようと思ったんじゃないか。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "圭一の不愉快すぎるほどのおせっかいがあったからこそ、話を打ち明けようと思ったんじゃないか。",

> 			NULL, "Wasn't it thanks to Keiichi's meddling that I was able to decide to talk things over with him?", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "It was thanks to Keiichi's meddling that I decided I could talk things over with him, wasn't it?", Line_Normal);
```

//r山盛りのクッキーの皿を、レナはずいっと私たちの前に差し出すと、『ひゅん！』と部屋を出て行く。…心なしか、ドアの向こうにものすごく甘い匂いを感じたんだけど…。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "山盛りのクッキーの皿を、レナはずいっと私たちの前に差し出すと、『ひゅん！』と部屋を出て行く。…心なしか、ドアの向こうにものすごく甘い匂いを感じたんだけど…。",

> 			NULL, "Rena sat a plate of cookies down in front of us, then rushed out of the room in a flash. ...Was it just my imagination that I sensed a very sweet aroma coming in from the other side of the door?", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Rena sat a plate of cookies down in front of us, then rushed out of the room in a flash. ...Was it just my imagination, or did I sense a very sweet aroma coming in from the other side of the door?", Line_Normal);
```

//rガラッ！　再びドアが開くと、予想的中。ドアの向こうにはクッキーの山がどどーんとそびえ立っている…。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "ガラッ！　再びドアが開くと、予想的中。ドアの向こうにはクッキーの山がどどーんとそびえ立っている…。",

> 			NULL, "*swoosh* The door opened again, and I noticed a cookie mountain beyond the doorway, as expected...", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "*swoosh* The door opened again and, as expected, I noticed a pile of cookies beyond the doorway...", Line_Normal);
```

	ClearMessage();

//rい、いや、…お盆に山盛りのクッキーを持って、レナが立っていたのだ。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "い、いや、…お盆に山盛りのクッキーを持って、レナが立っていたのだ。",

> 			NULL, "N-no, not a mountain... it was Rena, bringing a towering heap of cookies on a tray.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "N-no, not just a pile... Rena was bringing a towering heap of cookies on a tray.", Line_Normal);
```
